Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Hey everyone...
Do you understand a maiden's heart?
Really~?
Because for today...
I'm going to try this app!
♪ De, den! ♪
"Furare Kaihi"
(Break-Up Dodge)
This is an app which can make you dodge the crisis of being found cheating!
But if you understand a maiden's heart, this app would be a piece of cake!
Certainly, though I've never played it…
So for today...
I'll teach you guys the aspects of a maiden's heart...
So now, let's do it!
1st.STAGE: Toothbrush
*buzzer sound*
Oooh!
“You're really cute, you know? ♥”
Hehehe! Thank you!
Ohh!
"Girlfriend: You're so sweet Ai-kun!"
“Girlfriend: Can I use the washroom?”
"Yes...♥"
Why's there a heart for every sentence? That's disgusting...
Wow, her face in the mirror is really scary!
Ah!
Ahh!
Toothbrush...
"Girlfriend: Just a moment, Ai-kun...?"
*ding*
Fight!
Why do I have two of them? One's for cleaning, yes!
"Oh, damn it...! Another girlfriend of mine left it..."
Why the hell do you need another girlfriend?!
That's cheating!
That's not what you call "another girlfriend"!
"I have to come with an excuse and get this over with!"
Men are really trash, right?
"Girlfriend: Why do you have two toothbrushes?"
It’s not "Using two of them at once"...
It's not "Prepared a new one" because it’s been used...
I'll choose I've "Forgotten to throw away the old one"!
Isn't this perfect?!
Eh, this is kind of scary...
"Girlfriend: It still looks like it could be used, though" *laughs*
If I say "The bristles aren't straight, so…” she'll probably reply with “They look fine to me...”
"That toothbrush... wasn't fitting to my teeth"
It’s been used a lot?!
If I don't even know the condition of that toothbrush...
How am I supposed to avoid the crisis!?
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
Is this the end? Am I done? I think I am!
"Excuse failed"
Retry! I'm gonna do this!
Ah...
This game is kind, it indicates properly that you've already chosen that option...
So it's not "Forgotten to throw away the old one” nor is it "Prepared a new one"...
I'm going to try this, "I'm using two of them at once"
"Girlfriend: You’re joking, right?"
“It’s more efficient to use them together”
"Sorry, this is a friend's", that doesn't sound very...
"I'm putting extra care in brushing my teeth so I use two of them...”
"One is for..."
"Removing all the..."
Dirty?
"Scraps better in the spaces between the teeth!"
"And the other one is for cleaning the actual teeth to finish off"
Let's choose this?
But she’ll say "You can't clean the tooth crown with this"...
I'm using both of them, that's better, right?
*laughs* Seriously? He's really doing that...
"Girlfriend: Filthy...! Don't come any closer!"
With this, she didn't found the cheating, did she?
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
Eh? It doesn't work?
Eh?!
Eh? It doesn't work? She didn't find out about the cheating!
*ding*
I don't understand a maiden's heart~
I'll teach you guys the aspects of a maiden's heart
*slowed down* I’m going to teach you...
Let's go with "I set it up," then~
I set it up for you!
The bristles aren't stra... *laughs*
It's... It's that kind of merchandise!
"Girlfriend: But the brush has food scraps on it"
HA?!
Hey, describe what kind of toothbrush it is!
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
*inhales*
I don't know if it's dirty with green laver or not!
(Green laver: Edible green algae)
There's no way that I’m going to be stuck on the first stage...
Thinking logically, I've forgotten to throw it away...
"Girlfriend: It still looks useable, though"
"I change them as soon as the bristles stop being straight."
"Girlfriend: Is that so~?"
Ah!
Here it come!
The first option ended well, didn't it?
How embarrassing...
2nd.STAGE: Peeking
*buzzer sound*
“Peeking…”
Peek!
Peek...
Man, they're so in love!
“Girlfriend: Where should we go after this?”
“Hmm?”
“Wherever you want to go ♥” Heheh~
I was joking
"Girlfriend: H-Hey...!"
Is she sulking? She doesn’t really have to!
Ah...
Aaah...
Wait, are they gonna fight?
Ah, they are gonna definitely gonna fight!
He might be thinking “Man, she’s huge” or something like that, right?
*ding*
Fight!
"Girlfriend: You were looking, right?"
"Hmm? Looking at what?"
“Girlfriend: A cute girl just walked past”... But wait, that’s not cheating, right?
“No way! Where? Where!?”
Isn’t that you?
“Are you jealous?”
I made her angry, I'm sorry...
I'm sorry...
I'm so sorry...
*ding*
But wasn’t I on the right track?
"You were looking, right?"
“Ah, I sure was!” I was looking at you...
"Girlfriend: What were you looking at?"
Oh, it's like that?
"Breasts", "Rear", "Face", they all look like bad choices...
Her rear?
How.. how difficult...
"Girlfriend: I'll get mad..."
"D-don't be an ridiculous! I was referring to the skirt, of course, the skirt!"
"Girlfriend: What about my skirt?"
Ah!
This is...
Which one should I....?
“Ah, I just thought that kind of black dress would look really good on you…”
“Girlfriend: It wasn't black, though, it was gray...”
“Girlfriend: You were staring at her butt after all, you damn pervert”
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
How am I supposed to know that!?
Just let it pass!
*ding*
I can do it, I can do it, I can do it...
Which..?
“I was looking!”
“Breasts!”
Ah!
"Girlfriend: “How disgusting!”
“How cute was she?”
"Girlfriend: ..."
“As cute as you!” Did I get her?
I think I did!
"Girlfriend: “Oh, what are you saying? Stop it!”
I got her!
Good!
I'm the best!
Women are annoying but if you give them what they want they are a piece of cake!
Man, what do you think?
As expected from the A.I!
Now you understand maiden’s heart now, right?
So everyone should also properly learn more about a maiden’s heart...
Although it's not right to deceive them...
But in case you find yourself in any trouble...
It's good if they forgive you, right?
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by M1Ck鈴木, 963852, Rafer45, Vortex
Man, if you're that annoying, it's clear that you'll end up being cheated!
Even if that's not right!